**************************************************
*    Basic document of crime system ideas for    *
*    (hopefully) future implementation.          *
*             November 4 2005                    *
*               By Khrell                        *
**************************************************

 Crime on nirvana is one of everyday life at times
all too often griefers (grief giver players) revel
in behaivor that in a modern society would not ever
tolerate.  This is an attempt to bring some sort of
even tual daemonizing of a criminal system.  It 
would be automated, unlike the Knight Templar guild
that some of this takes its basis from.

 About Crime Flags:  A player can get this by being
naughty.  By the wanton attacking of standard mud
kids and any non guild pets one become a criminal.
Also, the act of attacking any non pk and, also,
non criminal, will grant a player a criminal flag.

(Optional: Perhaps also the act of looting anothers
corpse when they are not a criminal or a pk could
also make one a criminal.)

Criminals can be be freely attacked by a non pk or
even a pk without having to worry about having the
crime flag set.

 Redemption in the eyes of the 'law':  How can a 
player get right in the eyes of the law?  Well a
simple solution would be pay a fine, but as it is
coins are easy to come by.  Another solution would
be perhaps having a player 'serve time'. Now this
is not to be confused with prison.  When a criminal
decides to serve time to pay his debt to society,
they are 'sent' to a work release program.  This 
will effect their character as a deduction in exps
and/or levels based on how much crime they did do,
and how experienced they are. So for instance a 
newbie level wouldn't suffer as much as say a high
level, or legend.  The exact formula has not been
created at this time.  