=====================================================================
Sacrifice corpse (requires casting time)   (gain @ 950000 exp)
Command:  'sacrifice <arg optional>'
Components:  corpse
             blood iris (700)  [new component]
             
Player tears open blood iris and smears a crude circle onto the 
corpse.  They then smear a drawing of the First Symbol [power] in the
center of the circle.  Piercing their hand, they trace a line of 
their blood (hp cost) around the circle before placing their hand on
the symbol.  As they speak a binding word, shadows stream from their
mouth to the symbol.  The corpse turns into a husk (quickly finishes
decomposing) and the player rises with shadows swirling around their
hand.

Player may look at fist to get a general idea of the amount of shadow
'charge' (for lack of better word) around their hand and have an 
extra look that shows other players.

Charge is based on corpse level (CL):
  CL < 19 :        CL
  CL > 18 & < 21 : CL + random(CL)
  CL > 20 & < 23 : (CL * 2) + random(CL)
  CL > 22 :        (CL * 3) + random(CL * 2)

Charge is controlled in hb.h and gives the following benefits:
  While charge, player receives gen_wc_bonus of 1+random(1)
  Messages in hb about shadows swirling around hand.
  If end < max:
    add_endurance 1+random(guild_exp / 1600000)
    charge -random(2)
  If sp < max:
    add_spell_point 1+random(guild_exp / 1600000)
    charge -random(2)
    add_hit_point -(1+random(guild_exp / 1600000)
  Shadowblast receives bonus hit_player() damage of charge/2, with
    max damage of 10
=====================================================================
Ward (requires casting time)              (gain @ 450000 exp)
Command:  'ward'
Components:  stick of chalk (600) [new component]

Player draws concentric circles on the ground and carefully traces
the Seven Symbols of the Circle about the inner circle's 
circumference.  Pricking their finger, the player drops blood onto
each symbol.  As the last symbol is bloodied, there is a flash of
light and the drawing fades from view.

The ward is unseen by non-fallen players.  Any fallen can see the
ward and may destroy it in one of two ways.  1. They are able to
'dispell' a ward and 2. They could cast their own ward, thereby 
destroying the fist.

The ward then acts two fold:
  1.  It serves as an alarm, with shadows reporting when someone
      other than the player enters the room.
  2.  It also becomes a spot the player can teleport to via the
      teleport spell.  [Location 8.  Ward]
      
The ward will last until player logs out, it is dispelled, or reboot
occurs.  Player may have only one active ward at a time.
=====================================================================
Shadowfield (requires casting time)         (gained @ 4300000 exp)
Command: 'shadowfield'
Components:  glowing oil (1000)
             piece of obsidian (3000)
             
Player digs a small depression into the ground, and places the piece
of obsidian in it.  The player pours the glowing oil onto the 
obsidian.  As he does, dark whisps of shadow coalese and strengthen.
Slowly they slither up the players extremities and finally surrounds
his whole being.  Unbearable pain [hp cost/end cost] drops them to
all fours.  Their eyes turn black and their rise from the ground.

Endurance is set to zero for 2-4 minutes (it takes time to recover
from this casting)

Player is surrounded in shadows (in effect an invis armor object 
similar to shardak dragonskin or healer defend spell.  Lasts until
player logs out.             
=====================================================================
Creeping shadow (requires casting time)   (gained @ 6000000 exp)
Command:  'creeping shadow'
Components:  kudzu leaf (500) [new component]

Player summons a 'creeping shadow' object that does damage over time
to all living things in the room (except guild members).  [similar to
Dervish sandstorm]  If there isn't anything in the room, the shadow
will creep (move) into adjacent rooms looking for living things via
querying of exits until it's time is up.  Cannot be cast in /room
=====================================================================