
KROKUS.o*       daranath.o      guestii.o*      mouz.o*         scribe.o
abulafia.o      daranth.o       guestjr.o*      mrdance.o       sex.o
abulaphia.o     dark.o          guestt.o*       mud.o*          shardak.o
adam.o          darkelf.o       guilds.o        muffdiver.o*    shit.o*
adolfhitler.o*  darkelven.o     harry.o*        mythoos.o       shithead.o*
aegir.o         darkshadow.o    hatred.o*       narrator.o      shock.o*
aislinn.o       darkwing.o*     heironomus.o*   necro.o         shutup.o*
akane.o*        darnath.o       history.o       necromancer.o   sith.o
alys.o*         darnth.o        hobgoblin.o*    necromantic.o   sloppytwat.o*
analcunt.o*     darthiir.o      holy.o          negro.o*        slut.o*
andre.o         death.o*        honky.o*        neocount.o      smith.o
angus.o         deathkitty.o    hookapook.o     new.o*          sodomizer.o*
apprentice.o*   deceit.o        hope.o          nigga.o*        somebody.o*
aquilla.o*      demon.o*        horlach.o       nigger.o*       someone.o*
ariel.o         deyja.o         horse.o         niggerboy.o*    sonya.o
armageddon.o*   dick.o*         hotsex.o*       niggerload.o*   spankme.o
armageddonn.o*  dickfer.o       ilharess.o      niggr.o         spuck.o*
armegeddon.o*   dickhead.o*     ilharm.o        nirvana.o*      spuckball.o*
arthur.o        dicksmack.o*    ilharn.o        nirvanna.o*     sticker.o*
ashura.o        dj.o            illusion.o      nobody.o*       suckbutt.o
asshole.o*      dobulth.o       inth.o          noctis.o        suckdick.o*
asskicker.o*    dochent.o       iwantsex.o*     nofun.o*        summerhead.o*
atheos.o        doom.o          jabbuk.o        none.o*         sysyphus.o*
authur.o        draggonar.o     jacoby.o        notguest.o*     taira.o
avatar.o        dragon.o*       jedi.o          nulled.o        tarkos.o
balberith.o     drow.o          jensucks.o      nutfucker.o     tarrant.o
bale.o          druid.o*        jesus.o*        octopus.o*      tarrent.o
baltar.o        dwarf.o*        jethro.o        olga.o          templar.o
banish.o        east.o*         jewboy.o*       oofa.o*         testy.o*
banished.o*     eghryon.o       jinro.o         orc.o*          the.o*
barnabas.o*     eghyron.o       jism.o*         orgasm.o        tiamat.o*
batarsis.o      elamshin.o      johnathin.o     orlith.o*       tijger.o
beano.o*        elendil.o*      jux.o           out.o*          tijgertsou.o
beasty.o*       elof.o*         kalen.o*        overfiend.o*    tiresian.o*
beltar.o        erdric.o        kano.o          padawan.o       tits.o*
benkei.o        erilon.o        kantele.o*      paladin.o*      tonpi.o
bison.o*        etheriel.o*     kate.o*         penis.o*        torture-hmmm.o
bitch.o*        evil.o*         kazer.o         petebre.o*      troll.o*
biteme.o*       exile.o         king.o*         peterson.o*     tungus.o
blackbeard.o    exit.o          kiri.o          piwafwi.o       twatlip.o*
blanket.o       faern.o         kitty.o*        playboy.o       tyborlek.o
bloodlocke.o*   fear.o          koosh.o*        player.o*       tyrnan.o
bloodmoon.o     ferret.o*       kram.o*         pogg.o          urmama.o
blowjob.o*      fezzig.o        ladyfinger.o    porchmonkey.o*  vacant.o*
blowtar.o*      fezzik.o        lag.o*          portal.o*       vagina.o
boltarjr.o      fireball.o*     lamerith.o      predator.o      valmyr.o
boltarr.o*      fistfuck.o      lazarus.o*      preedator.o*    variable.o*
bolter.o*       fluella.o       leo.o*          pssypoker.o*    victoria.o*
boltor.o*       forbin.o        lickmyballs.o*  puf.o*          vision.o*
boltur.o*       friendy.o*      lilith.o        pulsar.o*       vito.o*
boodah.o*       frode.o*        limo.o          purple.o*       vladd.o*
boofer.o*       frog.o*         listril.o*      pussygalor.o*   vulture.o
boohdah.o*      fuck.o*         lloth.o         pussyglaor.o*   vulture_old.o*
boy.o           fucker.o        llothe.o        pussypoker.o*   vyr.o
brandie.o*      fuckface.o      login.o*        q.o             weather.o*
brandon.o*      fuckho.o*       logon.o*        quantos.o*      werewolf.o*
braxana.o       fuckmama.o      lonesome.o*     quick.o         wimbledon.o*
brent.o*        fuckme.o*       loth.o          rajah.o*        winged.o
brentpeter.o    fuckmehard.o*   lothe.o         ratlob.o        winter.o
butthead.o*     fuckmepls.o     lugifer.o*      rayden.o        witch.o*
buttmunch.o*    fuckmizan.o*    maelstrom.o*    redbeard.o*     wizard.o*
buttugly.o      fucknut.o*      malebolgia.o    reflex.o        woden.o
calandryll.o*   fuckoff.o*      maledicta.o     renee.o*        wolf.o*
captain.o       fuckstick.o*    mas.o           rich.o*         woman.o*
cardiou.o       fuckyou.o*      masakado.o      ringer.o*       woodelf.o*
carmilla.o*     fuknirvana.o    masterbater.o   ripeass.o*      wooden.o
cernunnos.o     galileo.o*      mazoo.o*        room.o          worker.o*
chaoti.o        gamedriver.o*   me.o*           rosier.o        worm.o
chrysis.o*      gemini_old.o    mephisto.o*     rotcod.o*       x.o
coin.o*         genpei.o        merinith.o      rust.o*         xbobx.o
convoy.o*       georgebush.o*   messenger.o     rustier.o*      xelfer.o
corpse.o        giant.o*        minamoto.o      rusty.o*        xetra.o
crap.o          gilmour.o       misery.o*       ryo.o           xtc.o*
creature.o*     glaendor.o      missile.o*      sagan.o         xx.o
crimson.o*      god.o*          missle.o*       saint.o         yarr.o
crysea.o        good.o*         mist.o*         sandmann.o*     yathrin.o
cujo.o          goro.o          mom.o*          sandmansux.o*   yautja.o
cunylinges.o    grimpo.o*       monsai.o*       sargtlin.o      yoritomo.o
daemon.o*       groc.o*         monster.o*      satan.o         yorkjoe.o*
dallas.o*       grump.o         monty.o*        score.o*        yoshitsune.o
damian.o*       guard.o*        mordrake.o*     scorn.o*        ziggy.o*
dar.o           guester.o*      morgar.o*       scotty.o*       zippy.o

