=Retaliation----

  They wasted no time in bringing their plan to fruition.  As Auseth
traveled back to the capital city, the gurthers amassed their ranks
in preparation for the battle.  It was a stormy night when it all
happened.  Auseth, standing atop one of the tallest towers, sacrificed
part of himself in order to open a gateway to this other plane.  Demons,
creatures whose only purpose was to kill poured out of the forest.  Auseth
did all he could to control them, but it was more than he could handle.
The demons murdered the humans in their sleep, laying waste to most
everything in their path.  The gurthers, poised on the edges of the
northern cities, began sweeping through the cities, killing all who
remained.

  The main part of the battle only lasted for the length of the night,
by the time the sun shone once again, the humans were destroyed.  Those
who managed to escape the horror fled south, towards the mountains.
Auseth survived the ordeal, although he lost part of himself that day.
Something deep inside him became dark and angry, and never will that
change.

  As the days past, the gurthers began to resettle back into the area
that was rightfully their home.  A strange thing began to happen all
around.  The forest began to regrow at an astonishingly fast rate,
quickly growing over the buildings that had been the monuments of the
humans.  After only a few weeks, it was nearly impossible to tell that
they had ever been there.  The few humans that survived stayed far away,
now exiled from their own paradise.  Auseth confined himself to a stone
tower which became his asylum.

