{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset80 AppleGothic;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 AndaleMono;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red0\green0\blue0;\red4\green4\blue255;
}
\pard\tx13820\ql\qnatural
\cf0 text	Owner\
\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 1	\cf0 Introduction											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Overview												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:46:21 AM\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The guild structure has been completely pulled and is being reformatted from the ground up. I welcome anyone who wishes to participate with the project.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0     The Metapsychic guild [Metas] is based on the powers of the individual mind and it\'d5s ability to interact with the environment around it. What other guilds mistakenly call spells, the Metas recognize as a function of the mind, not unlike the functions found in mathematics and other scientific disciplines. These are not the hocus-pocus hand waving of the magician or the cloudy, poison-potion stirrings of the witch, though they have been accused of being both.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0     The Metas may be unaware of their mental capacity or unable to access and control it in a consistent manner [latent]. On the other hand, they may be fully aware of the scope of their abilities and have the ability to bring them to bear at their will [operant]. All Metas are born with an innate potential or capacity for a certain type(s) of metafunction(s) and can rarely access more than those. Metas are also unable to fully realize their potential at the start of their journey.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0     The Metas guild will be based on different houses that specialize in different fields related to metafaculties. That is, they all have a different specialty. The possibility exists for players to be active in different houses, but there are considerations. They must qualify for membership in each different house. The costs associated with advancing and becoming proficient within a house are dramatically increased with each additional house to which they belong.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0     Player killing will be allowed, but currently not required.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Levels												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:58:55 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         L - Latent < guild level 5\
            The first five guild levels will really offer very little in the way of improvements for the new guild members. I want them to use this time to learn about the guild and to begin to become accustomed to the way the guild works. During this time they will also have a house assigned to them based on the \'d4house formula\'d5. I don\'d5t expect them to drop back to a certain level to join, but I also don\'d5t want the levels to just be experienced based alone. Work still needs to be completed on setting up the advancement system for the players. I would like to implement some \'d4tasks\'d5 for each of the houses per level that are not just formulaic and will require some work on the part of the player.\
             I have also toyed with the idea of making this a \'d4mini\'d5 guild that would be a requirement for joining the guild proper. This would be in line with the theory that everyone could at some level be a latent, but only those who pursue this would reach operancy. This would allow for the \'d4house formula\'d5 mentioned above to be implemented based on completion of certain pieces of the mini-guild.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         AP \'d0 Apprentice 6th guild level to 15th guild level\
             The next ten guild levels will slowly introduce a series of introductory guild commands that will form the basis for the rest of their house experience. There won\'d5t be components as such required for the commands, but they will need some preparation. Some powers will have delays either on the front end, or attached after the command completes.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         JM \'d0 Journeyman 16th guild level to 20th guild level\
             At the journeyman guild levels there is a subtle increase in the general effectiveness of the guild commands. The drawbacks will also start to increase for all commands used at this point.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         AD - Adept 21st guild level to 30th guild level\
             The ten levels of Adept will again show a slight slow down in guild skills, though some houses will gain new skills in this range.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         MS \'d0 Master 31st guild level to 50th guild level\
             For the first time, skills will begin to have an appreciable effect on the game play of the member. Their combat will begin to level off and they may even be able to quest some at this stage in the game. Some guild members may never advance past this level.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         GM \'d0 Grand Master 51st guild level to 65th guild level\
             Again, no new skills for this level, but at this stage, the drawbacks for certain skills will possibly be adjusted or mitigated. At this point also, it will be possible for guild members to seek out membership in other houses, though it will cap their membership in their current house at their current level.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         MG - Magnate 66th guild level to 75th guild level\
             Guild members who reach magnate level will be able to vote in all guild decisions and will form the leadership of the houses.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         PM \'d0 Paramount Master 76th guild level to 99th guild level\
             This is the final frontier for the guild. Members who reach this point in their guild career are rewarded with boosted skills and the chance to reduce their skill drawbacks.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0         PGM - Paramount Grand Master 100th guild level\
             I don't expect a lot of guild member to reach this level initially. This will be a hard place to be as it will automatically set player killing and it will open up the option for members to lead one of the five houses. If a PGM is the leader of a House, the title will change to Lord High <house name>, but otherwise be identical\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Houses												Vital			\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 Creator												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 3:15:00 AM\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Ability of the mind to formulate novel ideas or exert a direct influence upon matter or energy. Ranges from artistic talent and scientific facility to powerful mind bolts of psychoenergy. Usual manifestations include shape-shifting; illusion generation, invisibility, flame, light, electrical bolt generation through simple chemical decomposition of organic or atmospheric molecules, body aura generation, temperature changing or the modification of physical appearance of substances. Less common are: phasing through objects, transmuting matter to energy, psychocreative bubble or other shield generation, weather modification. Often combined with PK in matter modification and redaction in healing.\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Coercer												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 3:16:25 AM\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0     This the ability of one mind to influence or exact force of will upon another. Strong latents include actors and great leaders. Aspects are charm, charisma, animal magnetism, presence, force of personality and hypnotism.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0     Guild members within this house will be able to exert their will on living objects within their sphere of influence. They may manifest itself as causing sleep, emotional responses, trances, limited forcing, leading/following, and possibly some monster/pet control modifications.\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Telekinetic											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 11:39:02 PM - Telekinesis:\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Involves the ability of a mind to move or otherwise manipulate matter, known also as telekinesis. Strength enhancements and speed are helped as well. Any other functions that are dealing with carrying and flying are helped.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	The common notion is that TK adepts were the least valuable metafunction, although PK was very helpful in micro-physical-manipulation and certain delicate movements. The faculty is especially attuned to combat and healing when combined with redaction.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Some of the skills that TK's have are strength and speed. Their skills generally are centered around movement, acceleration and power.\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Farsensor												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Embraces telepathy (farspeech), extended sight (farsight or clairvoyance), extended hearing (clairaudience), deep sight ('x-ray' vision) and other metacommunications. The most common metafunction and it has much room for expansion.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Often dubbed "farspeakers", they are able to detect an individual by mean of their mental 'signature', mass-sensing, infra-red sensing(dark sight), even the detection of screened mines. Operation of the farsenses is impeded by electromagnetic phenomena and by matter interposed between the farsensor and the sensed objective. Dense rock and metal make it difficult and cerametal is all but impervious to the most powerful minds. The farsensor have a very unique brain circuitry peripheral to that of the other metafaculties.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	It is one of the most common metafunctions, and even latents can 'call' and be heard by an operant after suitable training.\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Redactor												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Psychic healing, mind alteration, mind editing. Rarest of all metafunctions, involves the ability of the mind to exert healing power upon its own body or mind or those of another. It also encompasses empathy and solace giving.\
\pard\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2280\tx2840\tx3400\tx3960\tx4520\tx5080\tx5640\tx6200\tx6760\tx7320\tx7880\tx8440\li1720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Misuse of the function is exemplified in so-called mind-reaming, and various kinds of mental toture. The redactors will be able to heal other metapsychics and affect their rates of healing as well. As advanced skills they will be able to join with other house members to exponentially affect the health of players and monsters.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 License												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	The entire code and documentation for the guild is released under the GPL license. I generally support free software and want as many people who desire to have access to the files upon request.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	That said, I do ask that if you use any of this code, that you at least cite your sources. If you modify and release your own versions of it, please mention the people who started the project. We're not glory hounds, nor do we desire overt praise, but we do appreciate the recognition for the actual work that we've done. Besides, if something goes wrong, you don't want people to accuse you for a mistake, do you?\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	By the way, the current authors are not liable for any damages that may result from the improper use of this distribution or used in a manner inconsistent with the authors' original intent.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Documentation											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This documentation is also an ongoing project that will aid it keeping any member of the development team up to speed on the progress and status of the guild. Currently the documentation is done in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.omnigroup.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 The Omni Group's}} OmniOutliner for Mac OS X. OmniOutliner supports the XML export standard OPML for outliners.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Eventually the whole documentation and project may be moved to another document solution. Ideally the solution is cross-platform, supports standard import and export options, can generate/render HTML code from the project outline [with particular attention to formatting and readability]\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 2	\cf0 Directory Structure										\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 bak\
cmd\
daemons\
doc\
inc\
log\
npc\
object\
room\
save\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 bak													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a storage area for guild backup files. At some point it may become necessary to differentiate between guild file backups and guild member backups.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 cmd													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a place to store all guild commands and executable files. In some structures/hierachies this is referred to as a "bin" directory.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 daemons												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where various control programs are stored. They manage functions that are not unique to any given object and thus better served from one central place.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 doc													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where documentation files are held for the guild. They are generally divided into ".help" files for general access by guild members and ".txt" files that hold information about specific aspects of the guild. One other file, ".opml" is an Outline Processor Markup Language that can be opened by outlinging programs that recognize the xml format.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 inc													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a general directory for files that will be #included in various other programs in the guild. For now, the only file that should be here is the "def.h" file which defines several global macros for all files. At some point it may become necessary to add files that only a subset of the guild programs will need.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 log													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where guild related actions will be logged. This can include advancement, promotion, demotion, joining, leaving, learning and even movement level logging. Some other statistics will need to be tracked, but those have yet to be determined. It will also provide a general place for commands that need to be logged to place their logs. \
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 npc													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a directory for various non player characters that guild members will interact with. For the most part, these are monsters that are specific to the guild itself and provide additional functionality. General "mobs" will just be generated by the respective room code that needs them without requiring an idividual file here.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 object												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where guild related objects are stored. The two most important being the guild object proper and the generic spell object called by various guild commands and skills.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 room												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where the various rooms of the guild are located.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 save													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is where guild members' files are saved for relog. Currently the guild will continue to use standard "<name>.o" save files until a suitable workaround can be developed.\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 3	\cf0 To Do												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 Explore alternative save mechanisms						\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The only real other alternative is to use write_file()/read_file() in a strictly controlled manner. For example, if you use a them to strictly write out the file in a set order that you will then be able to read back in by line when you are ready to access the data that is saved. This is will require some thought as to the actual data that needs to be saved, the format that it needs to be saved as and how best to order it.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Also, since write_file() appends to a given file if it already exists, there will either be a method for determining the offset, or better yet, removing the previous file and putting the new data into file fresh each time. It might be a good idea to call a have a method to 'backup' the files as well  when there is a signifiicant event in the object [leveling, learning, etc.] to enable both roll-backs and updates/restores. \
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Note: I am not going to insetup a system of incremental backups for each day, login, experience point gained. There is no real need to track it that closely. The users will need to allow for some loss due to 'unforseen' circumstances.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Membership											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:30:34 AM\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 I still have to have an adequate way to store house memberships and then recall them. The most obvious is either and array of houses that a user is a member of, or a mapping that has membership in it. The array is probably easier, but lacks sorting,  and comparisons can be messy. The mapping is faster, can be sparse  and can indicate non-membership as well as membership. \
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 mapping Houses;\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Houses = ([ "Creativeor:":0,\
            "Coercer":0,\
            "Telekinetic":0,\
            "Farsensor":0,\
            "TRedactor",:0 ]);\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Then it is possible uto uo use a simple  query statement to check membership:\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0   if( Houses["Creator"] ) ... ...\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 \cf3 Section - 4	\cf0 Defines												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 /* Metapsychics 2001 - 2004 */\
/* 3 years in development   */\
/*Should only need to change this dir to move guild file locations */\
#define ROOTDIR "/players/vital/closed/meta/"\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 /* Save directory is for player and object related save files ***/\
#define SAVE ROOTDIR + "save/"\
/* Backup directory is for roll back versions of guild files *****/\
#define BACKUP ROOTDIR + "bak/"\
/* Guild related objects files **********************************/\
#define OBJDIR ROOTDIR + "object/"\
/* Commands for members and wizards reside here *****************/\
#define CMDDIR ROOTDIR + "cmd/"\
/* All documentation and help files are located here ************/\
#define DOCDIR ROOTDIR + "doc/"\
/* Base directory for guild daemon files ************************/\
#define DAEMONS ROOTDIR + "daemons/"\
/* Log files directory for tracking and reporting ***************/\
#define LOGDIR ROOTDIR + "log/"\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 #define CHANNELD    DAEMONS + "channeld"\
#define MAND        DAEMONS + "mand"\
#define COLORD      (string)DAEMONS+"colourd"\
#define FUND        DAEMONS + "fund"\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 #define SPELL       OBJDIR + "spell.c"\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 /* Miscellaneous guild information that needs to be universal ***/\
/* This is the current versioning of the guild object ***********/\
#define TEXT_VERSION    "Pre-Alpha"\
#define NUMERIC_VERSION "0.1a"\
#define GUILDNAME "metapsychics"\
#define GWIZ (\{ "vertebraker", "vital" \})\
#define GUILD_ID "meta_object"\
#define ALT_GID  "guild_object"\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 #define GOBJ present(GUILD_ID, this_player())\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 #define BEEP ""\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 /* Quick guild level references *********************************/\
#define LATENT      0\
#define OPERANT     6\
#undef  APPRENTICE		/* Undefined from the <security.h> */\
#define APPRENTICE  6\
#define JOURNEYMAN  16\
#define ADEPT       21\
#define MASTER      31\
#define GRAND       51\
#define MAGNATE     66\
#define PARAMOUNT   76\
#define LORD        100\
\pard\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 5	\cf0 Base Object											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx2400\tx2960\tx3520\tx4080\tx4640\tx5200\tx5760\tx6320\tx6880\tx7440\tx8000\tx8560\li1840\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is the Metapsychic Guild Object.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 KISS													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:43:07 AM\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Stripped the guild object down to a strictly limited set of commands from which to begin building a more complex guild from. I have grown tired of trying to trace all of the different ideas from with in the guild object itself.\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 As I add additional features, I fully intend to daemonize as much of the object as I can to reduce the amount of memory required to load the guild object and hopefully only call those functions as necessary by a given guild member.\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 6	\cf0 Daemons												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Help													\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This daemon will act as a general help system for the guild. All calls to help will be routed through this to control the information that a player has access to. Multiple directories can be listed as necessary to increase the knowledge base to work from.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Initial Loading											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Friday, May 7, 2004 12:05:24 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Managed to finesse the manual daemon into loading. The internal help function works, but the help directories are still not recognized and thus the help keywords aren't being loaded.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Debugging											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Friday, May 7, 2004 2:04:20 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Added function to return a string of manual keys to check if the keywords are being hashed correctly.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Color												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This daemon will handle coloration. Calls to random_color() will return a random color string.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 house colors											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Friday, May 14, 2004 2:04:53 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Added a bitwise delineation of house colors based on different house combinations. With 5 Hhouses, there are currently 31 possible house color combinations. This is a combination of both foreground and background colors in both normal and bold.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 I'm not sure how well it will translate into real world practice, as I don't have the rest of the guild up enough to utilize the color code yet. I am also not sure to how to generate the proper bits and/or set the roproper bits to indicate which houses are being used.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 random colors											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Friday, May 7, 2004 12:06:22 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Initially this will be the random_color.c lib function from Vital's bag of tricks.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 random colors 2										\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:35:50 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Random colors have been converted and included in the color daemon for future use.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Returns a random color string to be used on channels, commands, skills, etc.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Channel												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a daemon to keep track of who is or is not on a given channel. The guild will likely have up to six unique channels that will require maintenance. Possible logging features in the future.\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Function												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is a generic daemon that handles common functions that have been lifted from various places to reduce the total memory load.\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Psychic Death											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saturday, May 15, 2004 2:38:37 AM\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Added a method for creatively killing off a user and listing the "Cause of Death" as a random string. This can be called from the function psychic_death() from the guild object in the function daemon. One string argument is given, the "victim" of the death, who will soon be dead.\
\pard\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\li1360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 At some point it may be necessary to add a check to see that the call came from a valid, guild related object so that Joe Wizard doesn't use the function abusively to whack people at whim.\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 7	\cf0 Commands											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 General												\cf3 Vital			\
	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 House Specific											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 Creator												\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 Coercer												\cf3 Vital			\
	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Telekinetic											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 accelerate											\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 decelerate											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Farsensor												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 who													\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 man													\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 where												\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 tell													\cf3 Vital			\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 emote												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx720\tx1000\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf0 Redactor												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1080\tx1360\tx1920\tx2480\tx3040\tx3600\tx4160\tx4720\tx5280\tx5840\tx6400\tx6960\tx7520\tx8080\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 redact												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx280\tx1480\tx2040\tx2600\tx3160\tx3720\tx4280\tx4840\tx5400\tx5960\tx6520\tx7080\tx7640\tx8200\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'a1\'e5	
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Section - 8	\cf0 Random Clips											\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf3 	
\fs26 \cf0 \'a5	
\fs24 Houses												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Farsensor\
Creator\
Coercer\
Telekinetic\
Redactor\
\pard\tx360\tx640\tx1200\tx1760\tx2320\tx2880\tx3440\tx4000\tx4560\tx5120\tx5680\tx6240\tx6800\tx7360\tx13820\tx14380\tx14940\tx15500\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs26 \'a5	
\fs24 Colors												\cf3 Vital			\
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Creator                 Cyan\
Coercer                 Blue\
Telekinetic             Magenta\
Farsensor               Yellow\
Redactor                Red\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combinations:\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Secondary\
FS + CR                 Yellow on Cyan\
FS + CO                 Blue on Yellow\
FS + TK                 Yellow on Magenta\
FS + RD                 Red on Yellow\
CR + CO                 Cyan on Blue\
CR + TK                 Magenta on Blue\
CR + RD                 Cyan on Red\
CO + TK                 Magenta on Cyan\
CO + RD                 Blue on Red\
TK + RD                 Red on Magenta\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tertiary\
FS + CR + CO            Green\
FS + CR + TK            Hi Cyan\
FS + CR + RD            Hi Red\
FS + CO + TK            Hi Magenta\
FS + CO + RD            Hi Yellow on Green\
FS + TK + RD            Hi Yellow on Blue\
CR + CO + TK            Green on Magenta\
CR + CO + RD            Hi Blue on Magenta\
CR + TK + RD            Hi Magenta on Red\
CO + TK + RD            Blue on Hi Cyan\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Quatanary\
FS + CR + CO + TK       Hi Magenta on Hi Yellow\
FS + CR + CO + RD       Hi Green\
FS + RD + TK + CO       Hi Red on Blue\
FS + RD + TK + CR       Hi Red on Cyan\
RD + TK + CO + CR       Hi Cyan on Magenta\
\pard\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1560\tx2120\tx2680\tx3240\tx3800\tx4360\tx4920\tx5480\tx6040\tx6600\tx7160\tx7720\li1000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Quintary\
FS + CR + CO + TK + RD  Hi White\
}