players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa int 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa mag 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa str 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa ste 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa sta 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa int 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa mag 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa str 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa ste 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dreadbane cha 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane int 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane mag 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane sta 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane str 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane dex 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane luc 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane pie 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane ste 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane wil 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - oberon wil 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon cha 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon int 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon dex 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon luc 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon mag 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon pie 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon sta 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon ste 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon str 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - oberon wil 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - villa sta 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa int 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa mag 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa str 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - villa ste 30 by villa
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - sami wil 10000 by sami
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - whitehawk cha 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk int 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk mag 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk sta 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk str 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk dex 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk luc 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk pie 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk ste 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk wil 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#3570-^
set_attrib - obe str 30 by obe
players/guilds/warriors/gobj#5637-^
set_attrib - obe ste 30 by obe
players/guilds/warriors/gobj#5637-^
set_attrib - oberon mag 30 by oberon
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#9235-^
set_attrib - sinner mag 5 by sinner
players/fred/closed/venom/OBJ/ball#3038-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#2828-^
players/chip/venom2/neo_venom#4126-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - thecableguy sta 29 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy int 24 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy mag 26 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy str 30 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy ste 16 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
players/shinshi/closed/rogue/gob2#3902-^
set_attrib - darkfire stamina 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire intelligence 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire charisma 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire willpower 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire strength 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire dexterity 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire magic 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire str 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire sta 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire mag 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire int 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire cha 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire str 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire sta 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire dex 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire wil 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire luc 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire pie 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
set_attrib - darkfire ste 30 by darkfire
bin/wiz/_set_attrib-^
players/vertebraker/guilds/samurai/gob#6534-^
players/vertebraker/guilds/samurai/gob#8927-^
players/vertebraker/guilds/samurai/gob#9081-^
set_attrib - ominous mag 20 by ominous
players/pestilence/closed/dark/blood#5261-^
players/pestilence/closed/dark/dark#9826-^
players/guilds/warriors/gobj#2116-^
set_attrib - thecableguy sta 29 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy int 24 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy mag 26 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy str 30 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - thecableguy ste 16 by thecableguy
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - mosh cha 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh int 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh mag 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh sta 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh str 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh dex 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh luc 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh pie 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh ste 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - mosh wil 5 by mosh
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen cha 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen int 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen mag 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen sta 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen str 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen dex 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen luc 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen pie 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen ste 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - careen wil 5 by careen
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dent sta 30 by dent
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dent int 30 by dent
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dent mag 30 by dent
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dent str 30 by dent
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dent ste 20 by dent
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - dreadbane cha 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane int 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane mag 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane sta 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane str 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane dex 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane luc 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane pie 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane ste 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - dreadbane wil 5 by dreadbane
room/pres_guild-^
players/pestilence/closed/dark/dark#15484-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
players/pestilence/closed/dark/dark#4899-^
players/pestilence/closed/dark/dark#5386-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo cha 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo int 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo mag 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo sta 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo str 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo dex 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo luc 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo pie 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo ste 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo wil 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta cha 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta int 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta mag 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta sta 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta str 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta dex 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta luc 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta pie 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta ste 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - krillgeta wil 5 by krillgeta
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - tweak sta 30 by tweak
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - tweak int 30 by tweak
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - tweak mag 30 by tweak
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - tweak str 30 by tweak
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - tweak ste 30 by tweak
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/fred/mages/gob#1607-^
players/fred/mages/gob#1607-^
players/fred/closed/venom/venom#6377-^
players/fred/closed/venom/venom#6377-^
set_attrib - smelt cha 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt int 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt mag 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt sta 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt str 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt dex 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt luc 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt pie 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt ste 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - smelt wil 5 by smelt
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo cha 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo int 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo mag 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo sta 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo str 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo dex 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo luc 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo pie 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo ste 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - gizmo wil 5 by gizmo
room/pres_guild-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#4652-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 27 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 15 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 25 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 20 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 10 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 43 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 7 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 1 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 24 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 4 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 47 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 6 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 1 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 25 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 7 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 27 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 15 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 25 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 20 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 10 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - syn mag 20 by syn
players/pestilence/closed/dark/blood#2354-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#7119-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#7119-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#7119-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#7119-^
players/guilds/dervish/gob#7119-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 27 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 15 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 25 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 20 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 10 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk sta 43 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk int 7 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk mag 1 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk str 24 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - redhawk ste 4 by redhawk
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
players/mizan/closed/poly/PDM-^
set_attrib - whitehawk cha 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk int 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk mag 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk sta 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk str 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk dex 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk luc 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk pie 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk ste 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - whitehawk wil 5 by whitehawk
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude cha 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude int 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude mag 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude sta 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude str 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude dex 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude luc 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude pie 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude ste 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - darude wil 5 by darude
room/pres_guild-^
players/vertebraker/guilds/samurai/gob#2128-^
set_attrib - syn cha 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn int 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn mag 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn sta 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn str 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn dex 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn luc 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn pie 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn ste 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
set_attrib - syn wil 5 by syn
room/pres_guild-^
players/pestilence/closed/dark/dark#5861-^
