

                           [help kids]
-----------------------=========+=========-----------------------  

Female players on Nirvana can get pregnant and bear children.
Getting pregnant happens more or less the same as it does in real
life.

If you wish to keep your mud kid after the next reboot and from 
then on, you must leave your child at the village daycare center
(s,4e,3n from the church) before reboot.

You can then pick up your child at the daycare center at any
time.  Once your child has been left at the daycare once, it will
reappear there after reboots, even if it is lost in a crash or
dies.  Death costs kids 1/4 of their total experience.  If you
leave your kid in the daycare for more than 30 days, it may be
sent away for adoption (deleted) if the daycare becomes
overcrowded.

Commanding your child:

com <childname> <command> 

Your child can do many of the same things you can, like wear
armor, wield weapons, and kill monsters.  They are also subject
to a few hazards that you or not, so you should be catiuous when
exploring or using your child for assistance in combat.

To tell your child to follow you around, use the special child
follow instruction: 'com <childname> follow'.  You can also 'com
<childname> stop' to have your child stop following you- but you
should be careful about leaving your child unattended.

You can check your child's health with the command 'khp
<childname>'.  Kids may heal using munchies and some other heals.
Munchies are available for purchase at the daycare. Use the
special child instruction 'com <childname> eat' to have your
child attempt to use any munchies or other heals it is carrying.

You can change your child's appearance with the 'kidtitle
<title>' and 'kdesc <description>' commands.  Kidtitle changes
the title that appears after your child's name in a room, and
kdesc changes what players see when examining your child.
