Because it needs it, and because I'd really like to do it, I'm 
going to be updating this area.  any changes I make will be either
purely cosmetic, or in bringing up the area from being one of my 
favorites from back in 91 or 92 or whenever I was an assassin and
roaming it, to being a competitive area in the game now.  Or at
least an area that there's reason to hit.  I also will be recoding
the assassins, as closely to the original as feasible, and this is
probably a wise thing to do for that goal as well.

This was approved, actually suggested, and enabled by Vertebraker
on 9/28/05.  If you read this Deathmonger, it means you're back :)
I'll be happy to reverse any changes or explain anything I did.
There will also be text files covering the changes I do.

-Earwax 9/29/05

==================================================================
9/29/05:
Created the mon,room,obj,lib dirs.  I'm going to leave the old
directories exactly the way they are, but the updated code will go
into those 4 directories.  Once the area is fully operational, I
will probably rm the old files, to save hard disk space, with the
old information being backed up, by Boltar and/or Vertebraker.
I've also started the defs.h file.  This will be a definitions file
to simplify paths and facilitate changes.

I'm starting to move the rooms into the room directory, as I change
them.  These changes will consist of fixing typos, using defs, 
and adding color, tweaking descs and whatnot here and there.
Anything major that I do I will document further.
==================================================================
