Ley Lines

Ley lines are paths of magical energies. Idea originated likely in 
ancient geomancy or feng shui. It is the idea of energy (chi, magic, 
the force,etc) converging and flowing like a stream. Usually the idea
behind the study of these lines was in placing objects to draw some 
sort of benefit from this energy movement. Stonehenge and places 
thought to be haunted or mystical are often attributed to being on 
nexus points where several of these lines cross and are more potent.
Most of this info is drawn from the Rifts RPG system. The lines are 
usually not visible most of the time but at times of high charge and 
often at dusk they can be seen as shimmering blue energy fields. The
dimensions of the lines vary greatly. Many are thin ribbons, others 
are quite wide and tall. Simple water metaphor usually seems to work.
Though leylines don't have to follow the lay of the land. Can pass 
through the ground or pass above it.

In game terms here, I figure it would be easily set as a variable in 
the room that could influence spell casting. Reduce spell point cost,
increase probability of success on spell, etc.  Places in guild hall
and possibly a few others in game could be set up to have them. Also
in Rifts system some magic users knew how to travel down these lines
and use them to carry communications to others on the line. Techno-
wizards also build several vehicles that could float atop a leyline 
and use it for power. I know in the build doc i'd mentioned no guild 
channel but possible leyline chat and travel. Could be implimented as
a check for it being present to use channel. And allow a limited 
goportal effect of some kind to nexus points.
