C Y B E R N I N J A S

Operation File: voting
Usage: cyber <topic

         The voting system is a state-of-the-art guild issue
resolution system. All ninjas can and should use this system.
It is very dishonorable to not know of the fine details of
this system.

         CyberNinja voting was designed to account for the fact
that players are not usually logged in all at once. Thus, the
voting system keeps track of vote tallies over the lifetime of 
a vote.  Votes are saved until the vote day limit expires.
These cdays (short for "CyberNinja days") are equivalent to 
real days, except that a cday does NOT pass if no CyberNinja
logs on for that day. During the cday period, ninjas will be
automatically informed of any votes in progress, and will be
able to cast their vote if they so choose. When the cday
period has ended, the vote is automatically closed. During the
vote, and after the vote has closed, ninjas may view the
current vote results.

        Guild issue resolution has been made easy.  Any ninja
who can create a vote can set up a vote about an issue. The 
ninja has the choice of whether to make this a secret ballot
vote or an open vote.  When the vote has closed, the ninja may
view the results to see how the vote went.

   _____________________Voting Commands___________________

   cvotes
        Displays the current votes in progress.
   cvote_results <voteName>
        -If <voteName> is not specified, shows all the votes 
that have been created... referenced by voteName (a name that 
uniquely identifies a vote).
        -If <voteName> is specified, shows the results for
that vote.
        Note that if a vote is still in progress, more results
may come in at a later time.

   cvote_create issue <issueName> [secret|open] <cdays> <issueDescription>
        Sets up a vote about a guild issue.
        <issueName> should be a short one-word ID name for
your vote.
        -Specify 'secret' if you wish to hide the identities 
of those who vote on your issue (the name "Someone" will 
appear instead).  The issueDescription is your chance to 
explain the issue. Be sure to clearly state what a vote of
votes that they see fit.  They may create a new law or
simply take the opinions into consideration.
The following is an example of (ignore the short poor
description)
        usage: vote_create issue pkShard open 30 PK lonely 
Shardaks? 

      cvote_close <voteName>
Use this to close a vote about a guild issue that you have
created. A vote that is closed ends prematurely, and results
are tallied up and saved.  The results can be viewed with the
'vote_results' command. Closing a vote is useful if you do not
wish to wait the whole time limit to gather votes (i.e. you
could hold a 5-minute vote). Remember that you can only close 
your own vote.

     cvote_cast <voteName> [yea|nay]
       This is how someone actually casts his or her vote.
'yea' means yes, 'nay' means no If you created the vote, don't
forget to cast your own vote.

     cvote_cancel <voteName>
       Cancels a vote in progress. Note that votes that have
already closed cannot be canceled.  You must have created the 
vote to cancel it.
  _______________________________________________________

  See also: influence 
