C Y B E R N I N J A S

Fax File: wiz
Usage: fax <topic>


     Guild wizards in the CyberNinja guild play much
different roles than in traditional Nirvana guilds.
There are three levels (Tiers) of Guild Wizzes:
     Tier 1        Guild Creator/Owner
     Tier 2        Management/Maintenance
     Tier 3        Contributor
The purpose of having Tiers is to simply make it 
easier to route guild issues/concerns amongst the 
guild wizards. No wizards opinion on issues means
anything unless they are assigned a guild position
by a Tier 1 wizard.

     Tier 3 wizards do not usually possess a full
range of promotion/demotion guild commands. This is
because their role in the guild is not to determine
how things run within the guild. 

     There are several different classifications of 
Tier 3 wizards. Each classification represents the 
role a Tier 3 wizard will fulfill, and are described 
as follows:
     Mystica  - guild beauty and atmosphere
     Magneta  - guild communications and relations
     Electra  - guild code creation/modification
     Nuclea   - guild security and strategic affairs

     This is where the Tier 2 wizards come in.
Together, along with the Tier 1 wizards, they form
the executive council of the guild. They are given
a full range of guild administration commands, as
well as the possibility of read/write access to
guild directories. Tier 2 wizards advise and assist
Tier 1 wizards in running/improving the guild.

     Guild wizards, Tier 1 through 3, are to allow
the guild to be run by the players. The guild has
been designed to be completely self-sufficient, 
without requiring wizard intervention.
